This tutorial shows how to configure audit retention, review status, and purge old audit records safely.
Configure audit retention from the CLI with a deliberate retention window and a durable audit directory.
Use audit status before and after drills to confirm the active policy, directory, usage, and purge candidates.
Always dry-run the purge first so operators can review exactly which audit folders would be removed.
Execute only after approval. CrashSimulator asks for a confirmation token before removing audit folders.
After purge, show audit status again and keep the purge output as evidence for compliance and training.
The same audit lifecycle is available in the Guided Workflow menu for operators who prefer prompts.
In the Audit menu, enable retention, set retention days, and choose the audit directory.
Use the menu status option to confirm the retained settings before running or purging audit records.
From the Guided Workflow menu, choose dry-run purge first and review the selected folders before execution.
Execute the menu purge only after approval, then review audit status and collected artifacts.